- [Instructor] Sharing lists with team members
ensures everyone has up-to-date information on all projects
and can collaborate more effectively with each other.
In this lesson, I'll show you how to ensure
people see up-to-date content
and collaborate with relevant stakeholders using lists.
First, I'll show you how to share a list
with a specific person.
I'll start from office.com.
Select the app launcher in the upper-left corner
and open Lists.
From here, I'll open Checklist for wedding.
In the top ribbon, select Share.
I'm going to send this list for review
to my collaborator, Lynne, by entering her name.
For the message, I'll enter, "Please review, thanks!"
I'll select Anyone with the link can edit
to restrict access.
I'll select Specific people
since I only want this link to be accessed by Lynne.
Select Apply to save, then select Send.
Lynne will receive an email
indicating that I shared the checklist.
Close the dialogue.
To share your list as view only,
select the Share button on the top ribbon.
I want to change the setting
so anyone with the link can view this list.
I'll select the Can edit dropdown next to the To field
and choose Can view.
Now when I select Copy,
Lists will create the shareable link to the list
that is view only.
The link to the page is copied to the clipboard.
I can send this link in a chat or email.
Sharing lists with colleagues is easy.
You can use it to simply inform others
with a view-only version,
or you can share a list for collaboration with edit access.
This week, try sharing one of your lists with a colleague.